How to run
----------

1. Open a terminal.
2. Navigate to where Apriori.jar is located (in the dist subfolder of the
   Apriori root folder).
3. Enter this command:

    java -jar Apriori.jar
    
   (In a Windows environment, this may require to add an absolute path to java.exe
    to the PATH environment variable)

Configuration
-------------
    
To edit configuration properties, open configuration.properties (located in the same
directory as Apriori.jar). Each property is explained below:

input_file: Absolute path to the Apriori algorithm input data. 
    -It has to be a text file.
    -Each line must contain a sequence of integer numbers separared by commas.
    -The last line must NOT end with a newline.

output_file: Absolute path to the Apriori algorithm output data.
    -It does not have to exist previously. If it does, it will be overwritten.
    -It is a text file.
    -It lists k-itemsets starting from 1-itemset, upto the last non empty one.
     Only items with support above the minimum are shown.

task: An integer value which determines which task the Apriori program will
      execute. Possible values and their meaning:
      
      1: Run Apriori algorithm, reading input data from input_file and 
         writing the results to output_file.
      2: Hash tree test. Outputs results to console. Not configurable.
      3: Integer basket data generation: Randomly generates a certain amount
         of transactions, with a given maximum item count, and writes them
         to a text file with the same format as input_file.

min_support: The only parameter of the Apriori algorithm. It's an integer,
             and represents the minimum support count for an itemset to be
             considered a candidate.

basket_data_output_file: Absolute path for the basket data generation task.

basket_data_max_tx_size: Maximum transaction size for the basket data
                         generation task.

basket_data_tx_count: The basket generation task will create these many tasks.